powdered chicken rendered chicken fat
padded dead bird carcass like I just I
don't know what's wrong with the world I
seriously don't person to be a right it
is cruel is not a product that a vegan
would or should ever buy and also
advertise okay so this not a mistake
on Jenna's behalf here and you know I'm
calling her out with some tough love
here because I do respect the girl a lot
and I am just super disappointed that
she just bought it and she advertised it
because is watering down what vegan
actually means and I say the same thing
a burnished Ian really is wrong about
jenna Marbles she's wrong and no I'm not
here to defend Jenna Marbles it's just
you that she's a good vegan on the
contrary what freely decided to do was
to ignore the fact that jenna Marbles is
someone who buys animal flesh someone
who even consumes animal flesh in an
economic sense of the word each and
every day what do I mean by that if I go
to the butcher and I pay for beef and
then I don't eat it let's just say I
take it and flush it down the toilet
just cut out the middleman here why
bother chewing it digesting it
experience let's just say I go to the
butcher and I buy beef then I flush it
down the toilet you know what all of the
impacts are exactly the same except for
the impacts on my personal health I'm
still paying for someone else to kill a
cow I'm still paying for the factory
farming infrastructure an economy to
carry on and on I'm paying for the
continuation of however you want to
think of it the ecological disaster the
animal Holocaust the unending
exploitation of animals for new animals
to be bred into this world live their
whole lives in captivity under a steel
shed
a concrete floor with a cage all around
them being constantly impregnated
exploited and executed it doesn't matter
if I personally don't eat it if I go and
buy a bag of beef from the butcher and
flush it down the toilet all the other
impacts are the same and you know what
jenna Marbles is doing each and every
day she's paying a human being to kill
other animals so she can take that meat
and feed it to her dogs
[Music]
[Applause]
she has a whole team of pet dogs how
many turkeys do you think die every year
to feed those dogs how many pigs do you
think die every year to feed those dogs
how many cows and how many how many
other mammals have to die every year
just so jennamarbles
can keep on entertaining herself with
her favorite living toy I don't know
what the answer is but I know that it's
plural I know that it's more than one
and I know that it's more than none and
let me tell you something just one just
one would be too many and if you
disagree or if you think you disagree
just take a moment to go through this
thought experiment would you keep a cow
in your own backyard and raise it for
years just so that one day you could go
out and cut its throat chop it up into
pieces and feed it to your pet dogs
[Music]
the omen thing promised to a player is
the penetentary so my terrible minutes
on smooth sailing
[Music]
would you keep a revolving door of sheep
in your backyard for every so often you
go and buy a new sheet then you keep
them in your back yard eating grass for
a few months so you could go in the back
yard and suffocate that sheep to death
and cut it up into little pieces to feed
to your dogs your cats whatever kind of
carnivorous animal is you're keeping why
why would you that maybe one day you'd
go out in the backyard and you look at
the sheep and you look at your dog and
say this does not make sense it would
make more sense for me to kill the dog
and let this sheep live eating my grass
for the rest of its life it would make
more sense for me to just switch from
treating the dog as the pet to treating
the sheep as a pet the actual knock-on
consequence of that would be much much
less but you know you know the real
philosophical next step is to stop
regarding animals as toys for human
entertainment at all is to see that
really what you're doing in keeping an
animal in captivity for your own quote
unquote enjoyment is actually something
bad and evil and sick and now guys I'm
gonna press the play button on a little
edited video that I made it uploaded
earlier I still get hate mail about this
video to this day literally today I
received hate mail several pages long
and some of the email comes from vegans
who want to make the excuse that it's
completely morally pure to kill animals
like cows and pigs as long as you're not
the one eating it as long as you're
taking that meat and flushing it down
the toilet or you're taking that meat
and feeding it to your cat it dog
I get hate mail from vegans and I also
oddly get hate mail from carnivores or
meat-eaters who seemed to be all the
more motivated to justify the evil of
their daily life when instead of seeing
themselves as the beneficiary they see
their own household pets as such
[Music]
this what we live in here man it ain't
nothing but wrong or everyone gonna harm
you're in New York [ __ ] gettin jumper
home but now they got your life in the
pump but they in like a love song if
[ __ ] with tons of hydroponic marijuana
get thing you got to get or other than a
song [ __ ] funky is Daisuke wasn't
always that way she was twice bang
I remember being named D pumping Chucky
crib
they let us at better give a [ __ ] what
we did
[Music]
so yeah that concludes a full 24 hours
of Kermit wall-e recorded every time he
[Music]